All right, let's talk about some of
the tooling that's available with Deno.
Because in order to be effective with
a language, you need good tooling and
Deno has got some remarkably good tooling.
So tooling for Deno is available
in the form of a VSCode extension.
All right, so
let's take a look at that extension here.
I'm gonna just search in the Extension
gallery for the Deno extension.
So here's Deno from denoland support for
VSCode, here it is.
I've already got it installed.
Now, once you install it,
you actually have to enable it.
So we need to open up workspace settings
which this file's been deleted, so
that's fine.
So let's go to workspace settings.
And then you need to come in and
you need to say deno.enable is true.
By default it's not enabled which I find
very strange but that's just how it works.
Then the other thing is that
I have had to reload my
editor in order to get it
to pick up this change.
Also, I am unable to get
the extension to work by adding that
setting to my global user settings.
So my first thought was, well,
I'll put it in my user settings just so
it applies to Deno everywhere.
But that doesn't appear to work
unless they've updated the extension.
It only appears to work, at least for
me, in the workspace settings.
Now, after we've done this,
we'll have Deno support inside a VSCode.
And we know that because we can
look if there's a Deno object.
And then, if you hit dot, you can see all
of the things that are on the Deno object.
And so this is the extension providing
you with a lot of different tooling for
Deno but this is just sort of
proof that it is working so
that you know that you've got it right.
The other thing that it gives
you is a debugger for Deno,
which is gonna be important.
It also is going to give you
the ability to fetch dependencies,
which is going to be kind of important.
And then it has this thing that
it looks like they've just added,
which is a dependencies view.
So this is great,
there shouldn't be anything here
cuz we're not doing anything.
But I don't know, we'll see what
shows up in this panel later on.
But this is new.
Looks like they've just
added this which is cool.